Documentation: Add missing configuration variables for METIS (#4528)
CGAL/cgal: Documentation/doc/Documentation/advanced/Configuration_variables.txt

| Variable              | Description                                                           | Type        | %Default Value |
| :-                    | :-                    | :-   |  :-            |
| `CGAL_DIR`            | Full-path to the binary directory where \cgal was configured          |Either CMake or Environment | none |

> | `Qt5_DIR`             | Full-path to the Qt cmake directory  |CMake| platform-dependent|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Qt5_DIR`             | Full-path to the Qt cmake directory                                   |Either CMake or Environment | none |
```
